{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red107\green0\blue1;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red19\green118\blue70;\red144\green1\blue18;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c50196\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c3529\c52549\c34510;\cssrgb\c63922\c8235\c8235;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs70 \cf0  - Data Binding\
 - Data for Component by using State\
 - useState()\
\
	
\f1\b FAQ: When to set state?\
	
\f0\b0 Ans:   State can be configured to new values on 
\f1\b Mount 
\f0\b0 or on any specific\
			   Event. You can\'92t set values into state while creating component. \
\
	
\f1\b FAQ: How to configure the Mount phase for component?\

\f0\b0 	Ans:  Mount and Unmount are defined by using 
\f1\b \'93useEffect()\'94
\f0\b0  hook.\
\
	Syntax:\
					useEffect(()=>\{\
							// actions on mount\
					\},[dependencies])\
\
			 Every component mounts on first request.\
			 If you want component to mount again, then you have to define the \
			 dependencies. \
\
		
\f1\b Binding various data types:
\f0\b0 \
	\
		1. Number Type\
				- A number in Javascript can be any one of the following\
						signed integer         -10\
						unsigned integer      10\
						float	   				           3.4\
						double                    23.33\
						decimal                 235.8321\
						exponent                  2e3\
						hexadecimal             0x9001\
						binary                       0b1010\
						octa                          0o456\
						big int                       9838286462n\
\
				- Numbers are presented using following methods\
						a) toFixed()\
						b) toPrecision()\
						c) toLocaleString()\
								- Style : currency, decimal, percent, unit \
								- notation: compact, scientific \
				Syntax:\
						 const [price] = useState(500000);\
			\
						 \{ price.toLocaleString(\'91en-in\'92, \{ style: \'91currency\'92, currency:\'92INR\'92 \}) \}\
\
				- Number parsing is also same as in JS. \
							\
							a) parseInt()\
							b) parseFloat()\
\
				- Verifying number is same. It is done with \'93isNaN()\'94.\
				   [ returns true if value is not number ]\
		\
		 2. Boolean Type\
				 - It is configured using \'93true\'94 & \'93false\'94 keywords. \
				 - React can\'92t display boolean keywords in UI. It can just use them.\
				 - React can\'92t use boolean as number 0 & 1. [0=false, 1=true]\
				 - React JSX can\'92t use statements. \
				 - You have to handle operations using operators or functions. \
	\
			Syntax:\
					const [stock] = useState(true);\
\
					<p>\
						\{  (stock===true) ? \'93True\'94 : \'93False\'94 \}\
					</p>\
\
		3. String Type\
				- React can use all JS string formats with\
					a) Single Quote \
					b) Double Quote \
					c) Backtick \
				- Backtick represents a string that allows binding expression. \
				- Javascript data binding expression is \'93$\{ \}\'94.\
				- Binding expression is allowed only in string with backticks.\
		\
									$\{ \} 		Javascript Data Binding\
									\{ \}			React Data Binding\
			\
				Syntax:\
				const [styleClass] = useState(\'91bg-danger text-white\'92);\
\
				<p className=\{ `border border-2 p-2 border-warning $\{styleCalss\}` \}>\
\
				<p className=\{ \'93border border-2 p-2 border-warning \'94 + styleClass\}>\
\
				- All string manipulations are same as in JS.\
				\
				
\f1\b Methods / Properties
\f0\b0 \
					- length				 startsWith()\
					- charAt()			 endsWith()\
					- charCodeAt()	 includes()\
					- indexOf()			 match() \
					- lastIndexOf()	 toUpperCase()\
					- slice()				 toLowerCase() etc.\
					- split()\
					- trim()\
\
		4. Null & Undefined\
					- They are same as in Javascript.\
					- They are defined using keyword \'93null\'94 & \'93undefined\'94.\
	\
			Syntax:\
					const [name, setName] = useState();\
					setName(prompt(\'93Enter Name\'94));        // string | null\
\
					<p>\
						\{\
						   (name===null) ? \'93Name is required\'94 : name\
						\}\
					</p>\
\
			5. Symbol\
					 - It is a new Javascript primitive type.					 - It is used to configure unique hidden fields in object.\
Ex:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs46 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 <script>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3      \cf5 \strokec5 var\cf0 \strokec4  id = Symbol();\cb1 \
\cb3      \cf5 \strokec5 var\cf0 \strokec4  product = \{\cb1 \
\cb3          [id] : \cf6 \strokec6 1\cf0 \strokec4 ,\cb1 \
\cb3          name : \cf7 \strokec7 "TV"\cf0 \strokec4 ,\cb1 \
\cb3          price: \cf6 \strokec6 45000\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3      \}\cb1 \
\cb3      \cf5 \strokec5 for\cf0 \strokec4 (\cf5 \strokec5 var\cf0 \strokec4  property \cf5 \strokec5 in\cf0 \strokec4  product)\{\cb1 \
\cb3         document.write(property + \cf7 \strokec7 "<br>"\cf0 \strokec4 );\cb1 \
\cb3      \}\cb1 \
\cb3      document.write(product[id]);\cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 </script>\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs70 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}